[Music]
hey hey big spender here are seven ways
to save lots of money even if you are
one you know saving money isn't an easy
task it's even harder for those of us
who have almost zero self control we try
so hard and then we fall at the last
hurdle when we spy something we
absolutely must have right now so are
there any methods that can help you save
more and spend less let's find out
together
but before we start don't forget to
subscribe to our Channel
turn on notifications so as not to miss
any of our new videos alright here's the
first idea save your loose change yeah
we know you think it's impossible to
save a significant amount of money just
by saving loose change and you may be
right but it's a great first step toward
attempting more serious habits moreover
it's a good addition to any other larger
money saving technique just think about
it for a second you buy something almost
every day which usually leaves a certain
amount of loose change sometimes bigger
sometimes smaller still saving a penny
can give you quite a result quitting
aside even $50 a year will help you
build up a $500 emergency fund to help
you if you suddenly lose your income not
bad right so don't underestimate the
easiest methods as they're sometimes the
ones that bring pleasantly surprising
results
[Music]
apply the 24-hour rule now the 24-hour
rule is an excellent solution for anyone
who tends to spend money on impulse and
then ask themselves why did I buy this
if you want to fight this habit and win
the battle simply apply the 24-hour rule
to your life the concept is to give
yourself 24 hours to think things
through before buying something for
example you see a beautiful pair of
shoes in the store that you want to buy
instantly yes it's the hundredth pair of
shoes and you really don't have to buy
them but who cares right
don't hurry though give yourself a day
to think about whether you really need
them if tomorrow you still think that
it's a good idea then go ahead but it
usually turns out completely differently
as the day goes by you realize that
you'll probably wear them once and then
they'll stay in your closet untouched
forever and it's the same for pretty
much every item you want to buy
impulsively on the other hand preventing
yourself from such spontaneous expenses
will save you a nice amount of money
every month and every year as well as
improving your shopping habits so it's
pretty much a win-win anyway isn't it
turn your bad habits into savings now
this method is one of the best ones for
not only saving money but also for
improving yourself and your lifestyle
you've probably already guessed what
it's all about you put aside a fixed
amount of money for every bad habit that
you have simple but highly effective
let's say you're constantly late for
work or regularly miss trips to the gym
you put $1 or $3 or even 20 dollars
aside you set the amount of the fine
yourself the most important thing is to
set the amount at the very beginning and
try not to decrease it and forget about
any excuses to
you did something wrong so you have to
pay a fine period in the long run this
method will help you give up all of your
bad habits and save a decent amount of
money depending on your fine if you put
aside just 20 dollars every month it'll
add up to 240 bucks over 12 months so go
for it pay yourself first now pay
yourself first is a method that includes
paying a part of your wage to yourself
before you spend it on anything else in
his book the wealthy barber David
Chilton recommends paying yourself ten
percent of your income however it's even
better to write down all of your monthly
expenses and figure out what amount of
money you usually have left from this
information you can then decide what
percentage of money you can pay to
yourself without hurting your important
expenses after that you create a new
account put your money in there and
leave it alone and the options here are
bad a 401 K Roth IRA which will allow
your money to grow tax-free or a
traditional IRA the choice is yours
have a no spend month now it may sound
like your worst nightmare but the
strategy of a no spend month proves to
be highly effective at changing shopping
and buying habits for good of course
it's a little extreme if you're used to
buying anything at any time but it's one
of the best methods out there all you
have to do is make yourself a promise
that you'll buy only necessities for the
next 30 days and this means that you
have to make some changes in your
everyday life to walk or bike to work
rather than driving eat simpler homemade
food take lunch to work daily or cut
down your entertainment expenses by
going for a walk in the park or
exploring your city instead true it will
be hard but if you use your willpower to
the fullest you'll not only save a huge
amount of money but will also lose
weight improve your digestive system and
change your life for the better the
obsession with material things is never
good and a no spend month can really
open your eyes to new things
opportunities and lifestyles just try it
the final results are definitely worth
it
bye and safe this easy buy and save
method helps you to not only save money
but also keep track of your expenses
which is especially relevant if you're a
big spender the principle behind it is
simple you put aside a percentage of
every purchase you make for instance
let's say you decided to put aside 10%
of every purchase a new sweater that
cost 30 dollars will give you 3 dollars
it may not seem like much but think
about it spending $150 a month will
provide you with $180 after a year again
you can decide for yourself when to put
aside money and what not to either
consider all of your purchases or only
the ones that are bigger than a certain
amount if it's hard try to do it step by
step
beginning with saving percentages from
small to medium purchases and slowly
moving toward bigger ones if you have a
credit card it makes it even more
convenient many banks let you save a
certain amount of money from every
purchase you make so you won't have to
think about it too much save in stages
now let's talk about a more serious
method and we call it serious because
the saving and stages method takes a
year or 52 weeks to complete so you'll
have to be rather committed to it
however the results definitely won't
disappoint you
the key point of this method is to save
a larger amount every week than you save
the week before for example start with
five dollars next week put aside ten
dollars and then 15 and during the last
week of the year put in $260 now if you
stick to the rules and don't cheat you
will have saved six thousand eight
hundred and ninety dollars by the end of
the year a nice amount of money right
this method only works if you put aside
money regularly without spending any if
it's too hard try to decrease the amount
and put aside money every month instead
of every week or do it gradually
starting by doing it monthly and slowly
changing it into a weekly routine as you
get more into it it'll become easier and
easier and here's a bonus we haven't
even talked about what Albert Einstein
called the most powerful force in the
universe
it's compound interest the interest or
investment returns earned on your
savings
Einstein said he who understands it
earns it he who doesn't pays it and what
about you
what was the biggest purchase you regret
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you